feat: add anonymous feature-usage telemetry (#1928)
bitsandbytes-foundation/bitsandbytes: README.md

* 🤗 [Diffusers](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/quantization/bitsandbytes)
* 🤗 [PEFT](https://huggingface.co/docs/peft/developer_guides/quantization#quantize-a-model)

> ## Telemetry
> 
> `bitsandbytes` sends anonymous, aggregate feature-usage telemetry to the
> Hugging Face Hub. This data is used to prioritize maintenance (which quantization
> methods and optimizers are actually in use?) and to safely retire features that
> are no longer called by anyone.
> 
> ### What is collected
> 
> * A session fingerprint sent once per process: `bitsandbytes` version, OS
>   name/version, CPU architecture, Python/PyTorch versions, accelerator
>   vendor/name/arch/count (e.g. `nvidia`, `NVIDIA H100`, `sm_90`, `1`).
> * One event per distinct feature used, with feature-specific flags. For
>   example: using `Linear4bit` sends `quant_type=nf4`, `blocksize=64`; using
>   `AdamW8bit.step()` sends `name=AdamW8bit`, `is_paged=false`.
> 
> ### What is never collected
> 
> Model names, file paths, tensor shapes, parameter values, user identifiers, or
> anything derived from user input.
> 
> ### How to opt out
> 
> Set any one of these environment variables:
> 
> | Variable                     | Scope                        |
> | ---------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
> | `BNB_DISABLE_TELEMETRY=1`    | `bitsandbytes` only          |
> | `HF_HUB_DISABLE_TELEMETRY=1` | all Hugging Face libraries   |
> | `HF_HUB_OFFLINE=1`           | all Hugging Face libraries   |
> 
> Telemetry is also automatically suppressed while running under `pytest` (so
> CI and local test runs don't pollute the stream) and a silent no-op when
> `huggingface_hub` is not installed. The implementation lives in
> [`bitsandbytes/_telemetry.py`](bitsandbytes/_telemetry.py) and each event
> fires at most once per process.

Reviewer: Let's simplify this:

```suggestion
## Telemetry

bitsandbytes collects anonymous feature-usage data using the same telemetry
mechanism as other Hugging Face libraries (Transformers, Gradio, etc.). This
helps us understand which features are actively used so we can prioritize
maintenance and make informed decisions about deprecation.

### What is collected

Hardware and version info sent once per process (bitsandbytes version, OS, CPU
architecture, accelerator type and compute capability) plus one event per
distinct feature used per process.

### How to opt out

Set any of the following environment variables:

| Variable                     | Effect                              |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| `HF_HUB_DISABLE_TELEMETRY=1` | Disables telemetry in all HF libs   |
| `HF_HUB_OFFLINE=1`           | Disables all outbound HF Hub calls  |
| `DO_NOT_TRACK=1`             | Standard cross-tool opt-out signal  |

```
